today's collectible spot we are having a
look at the play magnet of mondo mini
shows Happy Tree Friends minifigure
world series
these blind box collectables features
additional or new Happy Tree Friends
characters we've already had a look at
series one really impressed with those
pieces and I was definitely looking
forward to having a look at series 2 as
eyespots already mentioned with series
one as well Happy Tree Tree Friends a
little more of a graphic animated short
so I would say it's not really
recommended for children it can be a
little gruesome a little gory but this
comes from the folks over at play magic
if you can head over to wwm you can
check out the different pieces that
they're producing spongebob squarepants
they produce a lot of pieces for the
Happy Tree Friends and a lot of DC
pieces as well on the side some of the
characters one half of the characters
that you can get in set
there's giggles cuddles flippy Lambie
and mr. pickle's your splendid and
toothy on the other side there's
lifty shifty mime nutty rustle and
Buddhist monkey
you didn't miss it in fact the link down
below if you wanna check out Happy Tree
Friends again some adult supervision I
think would be recommended for checking
this out but you head over to
www.bodytransformationtruth.com
and it's quite a large bag actually
considering that the Happy Tree Friends
is only really about that big got myself
red though let's get this bag opened up
when we get inside got a stand and we
get ourselves let's see here shifty
comes with like a cool crowbar I think
it's a raccoon shifty they have no
articulation they're just straight
stacking pieces but really I mean one
consistent thing I've noticed with play
magic t'v is the paint on all of their
pieces whether it be the Spongebob
Squarepants pieces the DC or the Happy
Tree Friends really vibrant vibrant
coloring and paint peg holes on the
undersides tell us that the figure can
go into a display stand helps also if
you put the rights and let's see here it
goes like that here you go
and there you have shifty ideally it
would be perfect we got lifty but I mean
really looking at some of the other
pieces on the boxes here Russell would
be awesome to get you look so you've got
a anchor through his face that's not
good
nutty would also be kind of cool to get
and maybe toothy it kind of fun as well
let's open up the next box and see which
one is going to be joining shifty and
also let me know down below if you're a
fan of Happy Tree Friends who your
favorite character is I might say my
favorite character is maybe toothy I
think toothy might be my favorite Vanaja
while since I've watched some of those
animated shorts the next bag let's gonna
take a trusted
cutting this so next one we're gonna be
getting is I believe this is mine mine
yes mine he's got a bag of peanuts ooh
his peg hole is unfortunately in his
butt in his butt it's gonna take him
into place there you have mine again
phenomenal paint looks like they were
just taken right out of the that this
shorts so there you go not bad at all
got mine got shifty and this is serious
- but series one that we're looking at
so let's bring those characters in as
well again really some nice nice pieces
I like that they're all very different
from one another as well if you are
certainly a fan of Happy Tree Friends I
definitely would suggest picking these
up you can probably find them in your
local comic book stores you can also
again head over to
ah
you